# Agile methodology: documentation

Following the approval of our project idea for the U08 project, we adopted the agile methodology to streamline our workflow and encourage group motivation. This documentation serves as a record of our brainstorming sessions and meetings, illuminating our collective thought process.
Team members: Emma, Alex, Louise, Joseph, Dennis, and Clara

## 2nd May

- During our discussion on Discord, we finalized the days and times for our regular meetings, prioritizing convenience and accessibility for all team members.

- **Sprint planning sessions and reviews** were scheduled in alignment with our agreed-upon meeting schedule. Our notes: [link here](./Notes/handledning_02.05.md).

- We attentively noted the insightful tips provided by Sebastian and Olli-Heikki during the meeting, incorporating them into our planning and decision-making process.

- We created a **survey** to gather user stories, sharing it on the school channel and among friends and family to solicit diverse perspectives and insights.

- To ensure cohesion within the team, we engaged in discussions about the intricacies of the Magic: The Gathering game, offering tips and resources to members less familiar with the game, encouraging them to research and expand their knowledge base.

## 6th May

- We dedicated time to refining the **Lo-fi prototypes**, engaging in spirited debates about design choices and iteratively modifying them to produce a second version. [Figma_link](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/WgveQvIZueRc2al9D4HAwF)

- Joseph took the initiative to elucidate his progress with the **Scryfall API documentation**, simplifying information retrieval for the team during our development process. [Scryfall_documentation](https://github.com/JosephGros/Search-Docs-ScryfallAPI)

- Leveraging the valuable insights garnered from the **surveys** we received (17 responses), we collectively read and brainstormed about the results. This process facilitated adaptation of our project to align with user preferences and to start working on the user stories and personas. [Analysis here](./Notes/survey_responses.md).

## 7th May

- Commencing the day with our **daily stand-up meeting**, we took turns discussing what we did and our overall feelings about the progress of the project. Here are our [notes](./Notes/daily_stand-up_07.05.md).

- Focusing our collective efforts, we focused on the refinement of the project's **sitemap and detailed features**. The goal was to establish a clear and comprehensive list, ensuring mutual understanding and readiness to formulate our first set of issues in the following days. Here is the first version of our sitemap: [link here](./Notes/features_sitemap.md).

## 8th May

- We met at the school. After learning more about Mongoose, we adapted the **miniproject** to suit our own project and train together.

- We took advantage of this moment to ask questions about our thoughts or misunderstandings. Discussions spanned topics ranging from explaining MTG terms to brainstorming strategies for implementing the search feature.

- Emma presented her progress with the **Hi-Fi prototype**, her choices regarding color schemes and design concepts. [Figma_link](https://www.figma.com/team_invite/redeem/WgveQvIZueRc2al9D4HAwF)

- After these numerous group discussions, we consider that we can now begin to **create our issues** and organize our **Github project**. We will start during the next meeting.

## 10th May

- **Meeting with Sebastian and Olli-Heikki:** We presented team work progress for the first week. We took notes of their feedback, [link here](./Notes/hanledning_10.05.md).

- **Sprint review and planning**, during this meeting we talked about what we have done individually. Then we defined our next goals. [Notes here](./Notes/sprint_meeting_10.05.md)

- Dennis prepared a list of potential objectives for the upcoming week by brainstorming with the whole team. Team members can now create issues based on these objectives to start working promptly.

## 13th May

- We first started with the daily stand-up, everyone was present and took turns talking about the things done and any questions they might want to ask afterwards. [Notes here](./Notes/daily_stand-up_13.05.md).

- We discussed questions, focusing on Emma's prototype and Clara's feature issues and branches.We selected next tasks for implementation.

- We all agreed to commence coding this week. Goal: to deploy the project for the first time.

## 14th May

- Our daily 15-minute stand-up occurred today with everyone in attendance except for Emma (who was out sick). Each team member shared their recent tasks and outlined their plans for the day following the meeting. Detailed notes can be found [here](./Notes/daily_stand-up_14.05.md).

- We've established individual goals and committed to supporting each other by addressing any general questions if necesssary.

## 15th May

- We had our meeting with the PO and CTO, who provided positive feedback but also cautioned us about the project's workload. [Link to the notes here.](./Notes/handledning_15.05.md)

- Later, we held a daily stand-up where everyone shared their progress and upcoming tasks. [Dennis' notes here](./Notes/daily_stand-up_15_05.md)

## 17th May

- We had our sprint review to assess whether we met our objectives from the previous sprint planning. Everyone present did, but unfortunately, Lollo and Alex were absent.

- Next, we conducted sprint planning. We collectively listed and selected tasks that can be carried out and chosen now.

- We also worked together on the frontend folder structure to create them now. Then Joseph and Dennis continuing the work for the backend folders. We recognized the importance of establishing a solid foundation before the real coding work this week.

- You can read all the notes [here](./Notes/sprint_meeting_17.05.md).

## 20th May

- Commencing the day with our **daily stand-up meeting**, we took turns discussing what we did and our overall feelings about the progress of the project. Here are our [notes](./Notes/daily_stand-up_20_05.md).

- Discussed decisions, including whether to use CSS files or Tailwind classes for styling. Chose to work only with Tailwind classes.

## 21th May

- We had our usual **daily stand-up**, we took turns discussing what we did and our overall feelings about the progress of the project. Here are our [notes](./Notes/daily_stand-up_21_05.md).

- During the day, we are all coding together on a Discord channel, allowing anyone with questions to ask directly. We all appreciate this method of working.

## 22th May

- Today was similar to the previous day. We started with our daily stand-up and then collaborated on the Discord channel, assisting each other and congratulating anyone who completed their tasks. Here are the notes concerning the [stand-up](./Notes/daily_stand-up_22_05.md).

**23rd May**

- Our daily stand-up meeting was a bit longer than usual as we prepared for the afternoon meeting. Here are the [stand-up notes](./Notes/daily_stand-up_23_05.md).

- We had our weekly meeting with the CTO and PO to discuss our project progress. The feedback was very positive, and each team member presented their work. Here are the meeting [notes](./Notes/handledning_23.05.md).
